all right we got the Imperium Civil War
occurring again we got asria as the EA
and deos as The Inquisitor
what The Inquisitor is fighting the AO
malus The Inquisitor of the order
hereticus fighting an Avers assassin
sent with an AO Malia Strike Team yeah
interesting one I think this is Logan
off Glacier not a very common map God
it's so [__] for IG though all these
uncrushable pieces of
cover really annoying for the Sentinel
to try and deal with but going to have a
lucky opening here en countering the IST
probably better than the EA to be fair
both of those encounters are good for
the Sentinel I like the defensive
capping order here for asria going to
get into the green cover and then a
flank from Strike Squad with their stor
BS is going to be enough to deter The
Sentinel not really to be able to
achieve anything if the units are hiding
away inside the great
cover support so strike Squad are the
ideal Target well not the ideal Target
sorry the strike squad's ideal Target is
the Sentinel that that makes more sense
you want your strikes fighting the scent
cuz as you can see even when they're out
of cover they've got the HP they've got
the heavy armor they can shrug off that
sental fire the Avers assassin won't be
able to catch the Sentinel they just get
shot to Pieces he wants to get into
melee with The Inquisitor or some
guardsman
might have been nice
to engage simultaneously with the EA and
the strike
Squad yeah Hammer The Witches will do
some damage that's 100 Spike damage on
one of those strike models going try and
knock them out a cover with some
specials but it's risky the strikes can
fight back in melee for sure but yeah
just going to kite apparently oh no
going to engage this so risky
now and it was quite a fast special
attack there from The Inquisitor anyway
but the EA does get into me with the
Guardsman there's no attempt to get an
early Sergeant instead we got the one
gen which is to optimize timing for a
kashan devil Squad while simultaneously
minimizing your pop terain at 30
enem only one gsman and no sge and so
because he doesn't have the sge he
Retreats very very prematurely from that
fight he doesn't want to take any bleed
the bleed would be expensive without the
sergeant paying the full price per gasma
model not
ideal so just going to exploit the
uncrushable cover as you do Gman oh no
not Gman yeah yeah Gman where the C
they're over
there going to Flack the cover for off
the EA meanwhile this side we have
purgation coming out now they're
rotating around this end with the extra
Firepower of the IST in order to maybe
get a gem bash but it's not going to
happen sets up the advance there of The
Inquisitor set a time up into
melee stun the model with the
incinerator see you
later nothing too crazy yet heavy
weapons team coming out for deos
next wonder if we'll see operatives or
interceptors I think in tier one the
operatives would do quite well but they
probably don't scale too great are one
of our cuz there's a surprisingly little
amount of range DPS right now you've got
the senal and the cesan and really
don't want to be fighting the operatives
so not a tremendous amount of range DPS
but as the game goes on the operatives
they're going to become very
squishy so we shall
see got a sergeant here make these guys
trade a little bit better in the race
firefights they've got that impact
grenade which could be quite useful
against kishan if they can catch them
blobbed up terms of Titan here as well
so let's check out the Gen situation
only one gen for inura probably going
for interceptors then I
assume though they will be delayed by
the sergeant purchase no going to go for
operatives okay cool yeah I mean that
worked out quite well with his economy
and he made that decision when he seen
the heavy weapons team so calans will be
able to detect those operatives but
obviously this is the large map you
don't really want your cishan
babysitting to have weapons team at all
times oh here we go the holy bra is
coming 50 DPS power melee weapon here
for The Inquisitor combine that with a
Plasma Pistol oh this is brutal get the
strikes out if she procs a special that
is going to be pain City she didn't
though has she got her Hammer she
already used Hammer The
Witches oh nice rotation there with the
heavy weapons team prevented a sneaky
little Bash from the purgation that were
going around the sides so that's a good
deterrent going to reset it up try and
deal with them let's see if he gets
caught out with his micro plasma
generator IED going down here trying to
blow up IST that try and cap this point
let's see where the operatives are going
okay the operatives went East right this
is bad
now yeah this is not
good go ahead flanking operativ is going
to dispatch that heavy weapons team and
now it's rather open for the
purgation but the inquisitor's coming
back out no rosarius on her so though
her durability is going to be a little
bit us mediocre
operatives can use the fallback plan to
get out of there cancel the fallback
plan after pinning the enemy hero in
place with a purge by fire and dispatch
The
Inquisitor not in the retreat path there
with the
IED where they gone now they gone to cap
okays return the
in yeah pation will be able to take on
the kishan Devils pretty damn good with
the the flame weapons against these
tightly blobbed up units wow they
managed to get a gen there as
well impressive but yeah heavy weapons
team they will coun on them finally P
loser model yeah not really achieving a
whole lot of success so
far have to see what he can do in tier
two we do see the gsman getting their
Sergeant at
last not really achieving a whole lot
with the Sentinel though unfortunately
not not a good map for it to be
Miss and oper is going to get out of
there man lot of damage on the heavy
weapons team there from that incendiary
grenade another two models down on that
Squad is kind of bad I don't think the
strikes no they don't want to go into
Mela here not with the Inquisitor that
50 DPS power melee
weapon deos is going to get to tier 2
first but his income should start waning
now well then again actually no he's
actually
well he's one gen down
but yeah he's got a really nice stock
pile I wonder if in's already queued
things
up there would have been a period before
now in which there would have been
reduced income because Jens would have
been
building when they're building obviously
they're not built so they're not
actually providing that
energy comat
what are your
orders enemy Imperial Guard
spotted all right operatives caught that
IID did they spot this one yeah this
one's exploded I think it I don't know
if it was actually killed a few models
of the ice TI
not stomp is there on the sent that was
a good stomp totally undg
our enemies just going to disengage with
the
Guardsmen and the GRE Knights push
forward again oh these operatives are
being a pain for the heavy weapons team
heavy weapons team constantly being used
defensively to disuade the purgation
it's the best option to One V one it
carish cost a lot more and can't really
effectively One V one
them your is the the enemies of man are
capturing one of our all reliable there
our Warriors are dying for the
emperor tried to go for a bit of a combo
there with suppression to the incendiary
grenade but not quite working
out losing a per for it's going to be a
chimera
it yeah Versa still strugg struggling
really to get
involved Sergeant is on Route so we're
getting a delay right now on purpose
stalling for as long as possible when
this guy comes he's going to be able to
melter bomb The Sentinel and that should
be the end of it you can see the focus
far in the Sentinel where's the melter
bomb in he the eny oh we didn't need it
wow all right there you
go yeah SEL committed a bit hard to
thaty but now there's a chimera to deal
with so we're going to see a vindicar
assassin very C
intuitively pretty much used as an a
purchase loading the turbo penetrate
around and you can do all
right
it kishan's on a
mission what to take the contested power
that seems
odd think it probably be better to be on
the VP but
sure wants to side cap use the global to
call in some storm trouers for
cheap probably going to give them the AK
St the assault
kit and then can use the extra range and
the infiltration to try and hunt down
the vindica the vinda isn't a is an
assassin I was going to say he is an
assassin the vindicare is a detector you
can see by the eye above him like the
operative so that will help somewhat in
detecting these guys but
still the r of the hot shot last guns is
vastly superior to the detection range
on the vindy but we're attempting to set
something up right
now melter bomb and turbo penetrator
rounds we've even got a melter bomb on
the Avers assassin so shall it now we
are under attack what I want to know
is does the vindicare Assassin out DPS
the healing from aazma Squad and I
honestly I'm not
sure I feel like he might not you know
fully upgraded single Guardsman isn't it
weird seeing a running around with just
one Guardsman to support
it though it's highly efficient because
of the 20 hp per second healing that you
get from one gasma Squad repairing a
vehicle infes on our
forces oh cheeky grenade there frag
grenade coming out of that Stormtrooper
Squad S Cannon on the pation now so you
can consider this as very similar to an
auto Cannon it's an anti all setup team
weapon unlike the autoc cannon it
doesn't do Splash
damage but it does more damage to the
actual model that it targets so it's
basically an anti- heavy infantry Auto
Cannon whereas an auto Cannon is good
against light infantry with a lot of
models very effective against Heroes
when they're not going in vulnerable by
the inquisitorial mandate so that's
going to be annoying to deal with
fortunately that invulnerability is
quite
shortlived but again meltab bomb into a
vindicate oh that's it it's dead
bang beautifully executed I mean the
Dual metal bomb it's a it's a pretty
powerful little trick that you can do
with the EA if you go
operatives we are under
attack even ignoring any immobilization
that it causes it's a lot of Spike
damage as you can see combined with
those turbo penetrator rounds coming out
of nowhere it can be effective and now
the can SW to his exitus rounds that
actually is probably going to be quite
effective good at bleeding Storm
Troopers good at dpsing Down The
Inquisitor and coun as the heav weapons
team as well as long as you have line of
sight which can be awkward in some
spots perhaps the aggressive kishan
player here was to set up this IED we'll
see whether that works out or not great
Knights don't have a lot of units that
are easy to wipe with IEDs certainly
once the IST pick up their sge they
should be all right against an i from
Full HP and even strike squads blobbed
up on top of one like this it's not
going to wipe
them and now you got two detectors
running around as well so it really does
mitigate those aeds caught the Kish out
there didm should just throw down the
incendiary grenade and they are in range
of the S Cannon so goodbye kishan Devils
didn't even bleed a model off the
operatives got them low
though just going to use the fallback
plan for the little bit of
[Music]
healing here come Storm Troopers
now detected obviously want to try and
tie them up with the
[Music]
EA bit weird that it considers the Avers
assassin and Demon
Hunter probably needs looking into it's
another thing that you guys should
probably leave a comment about
remind me to mention that
one the voice lines are considering the
Avers assassin as a Demon Hunter we do
have these unique om voice lines now
both players are just kind of stalling
it out not taking any big Ava
engagements both Keen to take up to tier
three so it's a pretty powerful tier
three for both of these factions
obviously you've got Leman Ross and
kaskin for the IG and you've got voltima
Razer back and GRE night Terminators for
the AO
malas that's a nice incendiary oh P
weapons team trying to set up on
it nice
bleed nice
bleed and here come the strike
Squad fortunate to have the explosive
shot ready and available right
there that could have been a big
[Music]
problem pych has done pretty good
actually I would
say
us somehow not killing the Storm Trooper
model there the Vare
assassin H an Inquisitor still not able
to claim a model herself with the hammer
of the witches what a shame it's going
to be Lon rust coming out first for
[Music]
damos so Gman can go support that
picking up immediate vanquisher Cannon
because the battle cannon on the Leman
Russ is
trash really low rate of fire so you
want to get rid of that basically
ASAP it is interesting that he goes to
the Vanquish I suppose he'd be worried
if he goes for the Executioner about
Friendly Fire our enemies areen as well
as the prospect of atim res back coming
out
but I think there's a lot of line of
sight blockers in this map I think the
Executioner would do quite well and
obviously you would anticipate something
like grite Terminator coming
out suppose the vanquisher allows you to
tango with the vindicare Assassin a lot
better but yeah it needs to be careful
where he's microing this thing you have
got double melters still in play you
have the assault armor here as well with
the charge so that can provide some much
needed Mobility to the Avers assassin
should be able to hit the Mel from that
range yeah what's he doing don't like
this positioning really from the Leman
gsman a long way away as well I'm not
sure what they were spending their time
doing really and nothing is focused
firing the vindar Assassin which really
is the most prudent threat now as I say
I don't think he can actually out DPS
the repairs here on its own
and we do have flanking forces to deal
with the purgation but the problem is
well problem is instances like this
where the gasman aren't even repairing
the Leman yet it's still getting shot
wow that was a swinging a Miss Leman
Jesus only could run over the vindicare
now it's shooting rear armor as well
gasma still not repairing and now you
have Terminators out on the field just
killing The
Inquisitor uh another shot kill ooh just
out of range dang one more shot should
do it oh wow so
close Russ have passive damage
resistance thought that was removed I
really felt like I thought it was 130
damage per shot on the vindicare did it
get nerfed maybe it did oh I think it
got nerfed to 120 didn't it not
sure it would make
sense cuz it was a couple of HP off
killing so yeah now we've got the S
Cannon and we've got the Liber demonica
coming we found out that the Li demonica
is bugged at the moment it's not only
giving you the incinerate ability which
allows you to Target an area and
levitate the
enemies there was a modifier that was
meant to increase the amount of damage
that you do to
Demons it doesn't work but it's what it
actually does is it increases your
damage versus
everything so it does work you do do 25%
more damage to Demons you also do 25%
more damage to everything that isn't a
Dem as well
so pretty interesting I'm not sure what
this is all
about uh
okay
sure wow nearly killed his own cishan
Devils right there with the bio
meltdown but definitely worth it to get
rid of the EA I don't know what in was
trying to do
there purchasing friend on as well I
think it would have been much more
prudent to get a v resz back out for
your one two now we see the and caskin
out as well on this upgrade it is tied
though the bug so to speak that that
damage buff is tied to the halber so
fortunately is not giving the SC Canon
25% more DPS that would be
insane but the result is that even those
power melee hirs they will do quite a
lot to the
Leman with that extra damage that
they're
doing is the might of the or malas enemy
Imperial our enemies have
remaining so let's see how this goes a
little bit of an engagement there we're
going to get a holocaust it's at
levitating these
troops hello just range stance
Terminators I don't like that going to
meleia
man oh that was not a very good
Holocaust well I mean he caught
something caught a pair of them yeah
they're going to retreat they're not
enjoying that s Canon of our point but
the whole time Terminator is just eating
repeated shots from the Leman and plasma
guns from the Gman and of course plasma
guns from the caskin as well not really
ideal I don't know what that was all
about should have gone into
melee got to fce off the
gasman and ideally have your own vmer as
well so shall it be there it
is hold the power thrown down feel like
that's the first time we've seen that
thing mostly used for the damage
debuff additional armor deployed very
brave V Razer back right now trying to
get Haun killer missile on rear
armor does it even get Haun killer
missiles
anymore they got removed didn't
they thank
God I'll kind of give uh inura the
benefit of the out there I don't know
why he's driving up so aggressively
against a Leeman russing one of our
strategic
points I
mean the Leman Russ would absolutely
stomp this thing ready to
serve this is a fast attack vehicle it's
got very good DPS but it just simply
does not have the durability to contend
with Alan Russ no we near and gazman
will heal at twice the rate that atima
Razer back will as
well I don't like how deos is constantly
fighting without any support for his
Leman though just the gasman
now he's moving the Leman so it's firing
at the nearest Target which is the
operatives not the
voltima the other thing with the Leman
is the vanquisher will quite drastically
outrange the
btim but yeah just keep it at the back
lines right now nice use of mandit
though to push through Force off the
repair
support it's really forcen off this dude
we've not seen the Stormtroopers
successfully hunt this at all they've
been sort of going down the sidelines
focusing more on this end you can see it
is currently a two to zero cap but in
general inura is ahead in the VP
situation not bothering to swap out from
the turbo penetrator roundss that the
primary threat is that lemman Russ which
will be lurking nice banishment there on
the cadish
and pation are just going to set up
again we got an auto cannon on the other
side as
well but yeah you can see the bottom is
about getting smashed oneon-one by that
Lan
Russ this is where en's probably wishing
he had a beamer instead of a scon but
the scon has done great to be
honest obviously these guys wouldn't
have done anything with a
beamer killed the Chimera just without
it trying to Brute Force his way through
the cap right now with the
Terminators M again tank all this side
cannon shots coming in that would rip
this Inquisitor pieces quite fast did
she not have that as you were now seeing
yikes to to turn around and slap her as
well she's going to go
down probably would been better off of a
smoke well that's all right he's
disengaged from the fight anyway going
to keep his t is back there we go double
melter should immobilize this thing vmer
advances nothing oh God the Gman getting
Torn to Pieces by the averse assassin
with friends on holy [__] and the Leman
can't move has advanced
ineng n can't move because of the
vindicare Assassin and the V Razer
back yikes oh I think this is what um
what deos was what inira was mentioning
deos at this point
disconnects but H oh [__] I wish there
was a rewind so that's made me think
when did he disconnect cuz I think that
engagement there without the
support oh maybe he disconnected just as
The Inquisitor died I'm not
sure yeah there's no way he could win
now our enemies have 100 points maybe he
disconnected as The Inquisitor went into
melee and didn't Retreat earlier it did
feel like she stayed in for a very long
time as soon as that mandate sort of ran
out you would have thought she would
have
left but if if it was when this tank got
ambushed I think as soon as the tank was
in this position here and it got hit by
the double melter and got immobilized as
the vortimer and the vindicare
approached that was basically
GG but yeah that's a shame cuz that
potentially could that could have gone
quite a different way a lot of times
here
you know the Leman was really showing
its dominance as the superior tank
but I don't know it there still felt
like there were a lot of times where
deos was not really using it that well
like he was using it isolated with that
much support and it could have achieved
a whole lot more you've seen what
happened when you had the casakin the
was the kishan as well or was it just
casakin and Gman over here with the
Leman and they took on what was it
operatives and a purgation and
Terminators pretty
easily I really hate these plasma guns
they drive me mad what are they doing
why are they spraying like assault
rifles [__] strong mind are the
foundation of our Victory there you go
folks that is going to be all for this
one bit of a shame about the ending but
thought it was a good match up anyway I
do like seeing The Inquisitor fighting
the Odo malas it's always a bit weird
Oro hereticus versus Oro malus
and it's a weird match up this the IG
versus om it just feels very
strange cuz both of them sort of like to
send units individually and not do many
Ava fights it seems it just sends up
really odd having to get the heavy
weapons team in t one to count the
pation is really interesting these days
and then that does open up opportunities
to use operatives which is nice I feel
like there's very few matchups where the
operatives do feel optimal but this
definitely does feel like a good match
up for
them having that melter in tier 2 and
tier three is super useful anyway folks
that's going to be all from your boy top
this time I am signing out
[Music]
he